Completed codepen: https://codepen.io/brookecampeau/pen/JjYPjBM?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    A markup to to reinforce meaning of the data.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To create electronic documents that are displayed on the internet.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute controls an element's behavior. It goes inside the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is a heading tag, the largest size. We can use it as many times as we want.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Nav and href

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Specific information about the webpage - title of the documnet, scripts or links to scripts, and CSS files.

    7. What is an id? 
    A unique ID for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Important/unique elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Just once. 

    10. What is a class? 
    A group of elements that are the same or similar.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="example"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    An alternate text for an image. If the image cannot be displayed the text will appear in its place.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    With a # symbol. #example{

    }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    Section defines a seperation between headers, footers, paragraphs, etc. and the information inside is grouped;whereas, a div gives no specific meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to identify more than one item; whereas, and id only identifies one. Example: <h1 id="example"> would only select h1. <p class="example"> can be placed on multiple paragraphs. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{

    }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A child selector is used to match all elements of a specific parent element. It is useful when we want all of the child selectors styled the same way.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    links .sidebar{

}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Selects elements that are in a specifi state, the first element of their type.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing: 20px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 20px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Leave a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm. We need to be careful because it will be permantely removed.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    We can save multiple versions od documents as we make changes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time I make a change, or every 15/20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Clone, create a branch, make a change, add, commit, push.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element only takes up as much space as neccessary; whereas, a block element always starts on a new line and takes up full width.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    When an element is fixed or absolute. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    margin and padding

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
